I just accidentally slipped my hand and broke the bowl
A trash eats a big bowl
I broke my stuff when I did some work
In fact, I'm engaged to your eldest sister at least
You respect me a little
I respect you
If you had a car and a house, I would call you brother-in-law
How can you respect you if you don't tell me anything
So that's it
I can see the face of your family clearly
Hey, you dare to beat me up
Do you know what I do
I don't know what you can do with your little cucumber girl's quality
You dare to scold me
Don't scold me
Don't hit people
I'll hit you what's the matter
I told you not to hit people
You let me go, oops, I'm so hurt to lie down
You let go
Let go, you hit, you keep hitting